are you ready for the biggest crisis in
your lifetime if not you must pay
attention what I'm about to show you
today might shock you but I am here to
inform in today's video we're going to
look at the changes that have happened
over the last couple years I'm sure
you've seen them and now things are
becoming so difficult and yet the math
is showing us we don't have a way out
that is unless we pay attention so let's
begin the very first thing I want to
talk about are the unfolding instances
all over the place and this happens to
be just one United Auto Workers launch
unprecedented strike against all big
three automakers you've probably seen
the changes with employment you've
probably seen the inflation there are
all kinds of things that have been
unfolding over the last either a couple
months or couple years everything's
becoming more expensive it's becoming
more difficult if you're in the middle
class and you are seeing the damage
being done right before our very eyes as
we can see no question that some are
going to argue about inflation it's
going to be deflation that's coming but
the bond market is signaling deflation
there's no question where I differ from
a lot of the other individuals out there
I am suggesting that after potential
deflation we will see the central banks
react accordingly and that means they
are going to pour gasoline on the
inflationary fire not initially
but this is the direction that they are
heading so watch carefully either way it
doesn't end well
you can see that crime and poverty have
rapidly increased I'm going to show you
some examples of that today but you
probably have to just look around your
city to see it for yourself civil unrest
strikes and disruptions are worsening
right now all over the place
you don't want to be idle you don't want
to just sit there let's learn about this
and then we're going to actually see
what we can Implement today to make a
difference in our lives are you ready
let's go here we have it we need to see
pain multi-millionaire says unemployment
rut must rise and in this video If you
haven't seen it already it's been spread
everywhere basically saying hey
we've got to see people taking action we
got to see the workers doing more it's
the same thing here Frontier Airline CEO
says everyone got lazy and now what you
know he had uh talked about and that was
uh you know we need to have more people
doing what we used to back in 2019 uh
you know we would put three people there
and now we need four people there so the
productivity is down that's what he's
saying you can agree or disagree put
that in the comments below manufacturing
activity is at a level that it always
has led to a recession since
1956. the manufacturing sector is one
indication of things that we are
experiencing but it's only one La built
a licensed tent city for the homeless
okay and you could see these homeless 10
cities all over the place it goes not
just LA but I mean it is really truly
everywhere and not just in warmer places
like La it's everywhere we are seeing
this right now
thieves swarm luxury malls driving
retail crime to 100 billion dollars I'm
sure you're aware of that now while you
might say hey you know what if these
luxury brands
you know they lose some profit too bad
for them I don't think people realize
what this signals is that the cities are
decaying and we are noticing that
everywhere every time I'm out in the
city I'm looking and people are cutting
each other off they're elbowing each
other they're pushing each other they're
yelling all of these things this is a
decay of the society itself and people
are tolerating much of it and they are
getting involved in it and we can't have
this this is a very bad sign we need to
be part of a community that actually
wants to do better and wants to do more
for the community and of course that
will benefit us we got to do what we can
there are many steps to that and I'll
talk about that more in a few minutes
here we have it gas prices surged to
almost six dollars a gallon in Los
Angeles
prices are up all over the place and of
course in line with that you can see the
OPEC data indicate a growing Supply
shortfall so three million barrels per
day right now Saudi Arabia
one truly at the center of that all
suggesting we are going to continue this
for the remainder of the year so we know
that prices while they're just a few
dollars at the time of this recording a
few dollars shy of 100 a barrel it looks
like it will go well beyond a hundred
will we see 150 a barrel well only time
will tell if these prices start to go
too high that creates the sluggishness
it's just like the debt and which I'll
show you in a second why is debt
important why should it matter there are
two reasons for that and we can look at
this all right I want to give you an
idea of what's been happening we can
show you the charts I can give you the
details that you need to know all right
because when you see debt it isn't just
one simple stat
this is something that has encased the
whole financial system you see when we
get to these levels
this is something that number one can't
be paid back but at the same time
there's always interest that's
associated with that debt
it's the same for an individual if you
take on a credit card and you don't pay
your bill it goes on and they ask for
more money and you've got to pay that or
else they will tack on further and
further and further it's just like the
national debt
and these become burden but at the same
time there are corporations there are
businesses there are hedge funds there
are you know all these Financial
companies that have debt using it as a
tool but right now what we learned with
svb Silicon Valley Bank back in March of
2023 how devastating that can be when
these things start to fail uh oh we were
playing around with debt and we got
burned oh that's right you know when you
were a kid or you hear that story of
don't touch the hot stove and if you do
you learn your lesson right I know for
myself
I learned that a key fits exactly inside
of an outlet in the wall that certainly
taught me a lesson of not to stick my
finger in there anymore
but do the banks learn the lesson do
these Financial companies learn their
lesson of course not because they get
bailed out they don't have to feel the
zap they know that they're going to be
given more money at the end of the day
and probably be better off as a result
that's wild isn't it but you the
individual struggling to make ends meet
your gasoline at six dollars a gallon
which by the way for Europeans are
saying hey is it on sale
different story we're looking all over
the place and seeing these conditions
worsening all of these strikes that
we're noticing are part of a grand civil
unrest that are taking place all over
it's going on in Paris what's going on
in the United States and just about
everywhere we can't try to get too
focused on okay this is the problem
right now step one two three that's what
the article says that's what the news
person says we know that they are simply
reading their script and that's why
you're here you are a truth seeker and
you want to know what's important for
you and that's why I'm bringing it to
you do you appreciate that simply hit
that thumbs up button to support me and
I will continue to bring you the latest
and greatest so that we can Thrive so
that we can prosper look here I'm just
showing you this is just several charts
here we can go to this one central banks
have been hiking around the world we
know that and of course that means
they're tightening that means it's
becoming more restrictive and that means
always always always when we encounter
tightening we have a Slowdown we have
recession that follows recession job
losses okay that's usually the case we
have global economy yet to feel the full
tightening effects and of course if that
is the case we go into 2024 more
difficult than 2023 we add on top of
that a serious circumstance of death
the key treasury curve inverts for the
record period of time all right so just
looking at this the bond market saying
oh my goodness recession is here
deflation is here we got some serious
problems the Federal Reserve is saying
it's different this time investors are
saying it's different this time but is
this indicator wrong what do you think
is the bond market going to Signal the
truth or is it the retail investor you
tell me
I think it's interesting I'm going to be
here
to show all that let me tell you
the U.S debt has exceeded 33 I can't
believe it I can't even believe it but
here we go 33 trillion dollars and now
we are headed towards a trillion dollars
in I mean just look at this annual
interest payments going towards one
trillion dollars not long ago it was at
500 billion all right it wasn't that
long ago
it seems like just yesterday a few years
ago and now we have doubled that to one
trillion dollars
and it doesn't look like it can stop
anytime soon okay so what does that mean
okay so what well they can't pay that
and if they are paying by the way they
always prioritize paying the interest on
that debt instead of for instance the
infrastructure of your city how does
that feel
do you like that do you think that's
okay
because that's what they're doing and
they're not going to change that and so
that means we have to be prepared for
ourselves knowing we're gonna have to
pay interest on this
you know Fantastical debt this
non-existent debt and we are going to
have less money as a result of it by the
way when I say we it's every country
they're all doing the exact same thing
I've studied this I've studied the
empires going all the way back all the
way back I've read countless books
audiobooks listen to the seminars you
learn from the people who know the best
spent you know well over a decade
learning all this stuff and all I want
is for people to know the truth that's
it we can't get around this like the
Federal Reserve right now is in a
tightening cycle and people are simply
expecting
something to give and that means that we
are going to see major deflation why
because we're being sold this story that
you're gonna get everything for 80 off
you're going to get a discount and
you're going to be a-okay but it doesn't
work like that if you actually research
the Cycles you got to know that
there are times in which we do have
asset prices that Collapse by this much
but at the same time who can take
advantage of that when you've got
such a serious problem going into it you
have mass job losses you have people
rioting in the streets you have people
uncertain of what's going to happen
tomorrow you need to realize that it's
not a simple matter of okay my chart
went from 100 down to 20 so now I'm
gonna go in I'm gonna buy it's all hell
is broken loose during that period
you got to realize that so we need to
take action based on what we know for
sure we have that certainty but I wanted
to show you the Federal Reserve is the
one out there they are printing all the
money leading up into this point and now
all of those you know groups are saying
oh you know if the Federal Reserve
they're taking too much and so on
that had nothing to do with all those
years and years of money printing no are
we gonna ignore that oh no it's the
tightening that's the problem
we've got to realize a few things and I
want to tell you what you can do as an
individual there's so many but here are
just a few don't sit there and be idle
we got it we gotta get to this stuff
very important we got to thrive we got
to prosper and I want people in my
community that are part of that same
Mission all right learn a skill that
isn't getting replaced soon we've got
the robots we've got all these things
that are coming dude the Workers are
striking oh don't worry they've got a
solution for you it's flippy the robot
it's going to be all these different
Robots coming in even the military is
going to be replaced by those robots one
by one by one they're doing that but
learn a skill that is a little bit
further down the line do you want to be
an Uber driver right now a food delivery
person right now do you want to be
something in White Collar work that
looks like you know just a regular Clerk
of some sort no we don't want that okay
we want to be in something that that is
just it's just too difficult too complex
that likely won't be replaced at least
for the next few years that gives us
some time so we still have a source of
income potentially and then with that
income we're going to do the right
things over these next few years I'm
going to bring that to you I'll be here
hopefully to give you what you need to
know all right you got to tune in make
sure that you work towards having
expenses lower than your passive income
easier said than done I know but that's
a goal we work towards those in the
mentorship group they know exactly what
I'm talking about
and what do we got to do we have to look
at this we have to say okay here are the
circumstances here are my bills here are
my expenses going forward this is my
income all right I gotta lower my
expenses and I gotta increase my income
it's twofold that's what the I talk
about consistently okay and of course we
gotta be more self-sufficient to reduce
our burden that's going to help us we
got a Grow garden we got to be able to
you know Harvest water if that's what we
need to do we've got to be able to you
know have solar panels or whatever it is
that's going to yes potentially be an
initial investment but that it will
lower our total burden because we don't
want to be part of that 33 trillion
dollars in debt we don't want to have
anything to do with that we don't want
to carry a balance of the stats I've
seen have been anywhere you know leading
up to ten thousand dollars a month in
credit card debt at 22 plus interest we
don't want that we want to thrive we
want to prosper if you agree 3 hit that
thumbs up button look I want you to
check out the Discord group Discord is a
place for you and I to connect to join
like-minded people and of course
everybody on Discord at the time of this
recording gets the Early Access to
Compass that's going to help you it's
going to get you on your way so click
that link in the description below I
want to see you there let me know when
you're in say hi comment of the day from
Anthony here we go I think Putin and MBS
can hold their agreement to cut
production long enough to force WTI
between 125 dollars to 135 dollars a
barrel before demand plummets and the
price comes back down it looks like
thank you by the way for that comment it
looks like that's actually going to
happen that's the direction we're
heading right now this is unbelievable
we gotta watch it we got to be careful
these details I hope you enjoyed them
you gotta watch this is a crisis for our
Lifetime and we need to be prepared as
best we can I'll see you tomorrow take
care